[docs] update GitHub build guide to include automatic builds (#25509)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/building-from-github.mdx

To trigger EAS builds from a GitHub repo, you'll need to configure your project for EAS Build and successfully run a build from your computer for each platform that you'd like to support on GitHub.

> If you have run `eas build -p [all|ios|android]` successfully before, then you can continue. If you
> haven't done this yet, refer to the [Create your first build](setup.mdx) and return here when ready.
> 
> The following must also be true:
> 
> - An Expo user in the organization must have a linked GitHub user with access to the target repository. Check your [user settings page](https://expo.dev/settings#connections) to make sure your GitHub user is linked.
> - The Expo account must have an active subscription for the feature preview.
> - You must accept the permissions requested by the [Expo GitHub app](https://github.com/settings/installations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't successfully run `eas build -p [all|ios|android]` yet, see  [Create your first build](/build/setup/) for more information. Once you have, continue with the steps in this guide.

The following must also be true:

- An Expo user in the organization must have a linked GitHub user with access to the target repository. Check [User settings > Connections](https://expo.dev/settings#connections) and verify that your GitHub user account is linked.
- The Expo account must have an active subscription for the feature preview.
- You must accept the permissions requested by the [Expo GitHub app](https://github.com/settings/installations).
```

- Let's be concise in the first paragraph
- Let's use the correct setting name and reference

Link your GitHub account to your Expo account.

> > **Note:** You must be an admin of the Expo account to install the app. Also, you can only link GitHub
> > organizations to Expo organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You must be an admin of the Expo account to install the app. Also, you can only link GitHub organizations to Expo organizations.
```

Not related to this PR but we apply word wrapping here.

  alt="EAS Build check details on a GitHub PR"
  src="/static/images/eas-build/build-from-github/gh-check-details.png"
/>

> ### Build automatically when you push your repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build automatically when code is pushed to repository
```

You can take your build automation further by automatically building your Expo project when you push code to GitHub.

#### Set up build triggers

> To configure when EAS builds your app from GitHub, you can set up build triggers. We allow you to build when pushing to a branch, pull request, and Git tag.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up build triggers to configure when EAS builds your app from GitHub. We allow you to build when pushing to a branch, pull request, and Git tag.  
```

Having the subject first makes it more clear to me.

> Open your Expo project in the dashboard. To create a build trigger, scroll down to the "Build
> triggers" section of the project GitHub settings page and click "New Build Trigger".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open your Expo project in the dashboard. To create a build trigger, scroll down to the **Build
triggers** section of the project GitHub settings page and click **New Build Trigger**.
```

Let's bold the setting names to maintain consistency in our docs.

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="The build triggers section on the Expo project GitHub settings page"
  src="/static/images/eas-build/build-from-github/empty-build-triggers-table.png"
/>

> When you click the "New Build Trigger" button, you'll be presented with a form to configure how this build should run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click **New Build Trigger**, you will be presented with a form to configure how this build should run.
```

> These patterns can include wildcards represented by asterisks (`*`), which can match any character
> and number of characters inside the pattern. For example, `releases/*` can match `releases/`,
> `release/1234`, `release/genesis`, and so on. If you specify the pattern as a sole asterisk (`*`),
> all branches/tags will be matched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These patterns can include wildcards represented by asterisks (`*`), which can match any character and number of characters inside the pattern. For example, `releases/*` can match `releases/`, `release/1234`, `release/genesis`, and so on. If you specify the pattern as a sole asterisk (`*`), all branches/tags will be matched.
```

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="The default state of the new build trigger form"
  src="/static/images/eas-build/build-from-github/empty-build-trigger-form.png"
/>

You can also configure triggers for specific platforms and build profiles. If you select multiple
platforms, a separate trigger will be made for each.

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="A filled-out version of the new build trigger form"
  src="/static/images/eas-build/build-from-github/filled-build-trigger-form.png"
/>

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="The build triggers section on the Expo project GitHub settings page filled with build triggers"
  src="/static/images/eas-build/build-from-github/filled-build-triggers-table.png"
/>

> When you push to a branch or tag, you can find the builds by looking at the “Checks” section on a
> commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you push to a branch or tag, you can find the builds by looking at a commit's **Checks** section.
```

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="The GitHub checks section on a branch commit"
  src="/static/images/eas-build/build-from-github/builds-executed-automatically-on-branch.png"
/>

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="The GitHub checks section on a tag commit"
  src="/static/images/eas-build/build-from-github/tag-triggered-build.png"
/>

> For pull requests, you can configure a “target branch pattern”. This is the destination branch of
> the pull request you want to build. The same rules apply for wildcards here as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For pull requests, you can configure a **target branch pattern**. This is the destination branch of the pull request you want to build. The same rules apply for wildcards here as well.
```

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="The build trigger form for pull request"
  src="/static/images/eas-build/build-from-github/pull-request-trigger-form.png"
/>

When you push to a pull request with a source and target branch matching this trigger, you'll find
these builds in the checks section of the pull request:

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="The GitHub checks section on a pull request"
  src="/static/images/eas-build/build-from-github/pull-request-triggered-build.png"
/>

> **Note:** To trigger builds from a pull request, the pull request's author must be a collaborator
> on the GitHub repository. If you want to build pull requests from external contributors, [apply a PR Label](#build-using-github-pr-labels).

> #### Managing build triggers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Manage build triggers
```

Let's prefer to use short form verbs instead of gerunds for consistency

> On your project's GitHub settings page on expo.dev, you can click the options button to the right of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On your project's GitHub settings page in Expo dashboard, you can click the options button to the right of
```

> a build trigger row to manage that trigger. You can disable, edit, or delete the trigger from here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a build trigger row to disable, edit, or delete the trigger.
```

We can be concise here

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="Manage GitHub build trigger with the options button"
  src="/static/images/eas-build/build-from-github/managing-build-triggers.png"
/>

### Troubleshooting

> - When things go wrong, we'll comment on the commit we attempted to build with some error information. We also show the latest result in the build triggers UI, which includes error information when you hover the “Error” tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When things go wrong, we will comment on the commit we attempted to build with some error information. We also show the latest result in the build triggers UI, which includes error information when you hover the **Error** tag.
```

> <ImageSpotlight

Reviewer: This image is too big. I'd also suggest taking it at 2x size.

![CleanShot 2023-11-22 at 22 10 00@2x](https://github.com/expo/expo/assets/10234615/3f5022e5-e084-4ff4-b995-f85c9ae6559b)

Reviewer 2: Or we can use `maxWidth` style, like we do for few smaller images:
https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/2c346e0f00eee1ca8c7fa5df8287f0a796fb1dba/docs/pages/tutorial/build-a-screen.mdx#L36-L36

  alt="Status UI on the build trigger UI"
  src="/static/images/eas-build/build-from-github/trigger-troubleshooting-status.png"
/>

> - Double-check that everything in the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section is true when trying to build.
> - Confirm that your base directory is accurate if you're using a monorepo setup.
> - Is your build profile correct? If a matching profile can't be found in eas.json, the build will not dispatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Double check everything in the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section is true when trying to build.
- Confirm that your base directory is accurate if you're using a monorepo setup.
- Is your build profile correct? If a matching profile can't be found in **eas.json**, the build will not dispatch.
```

[File names should be bold as per our writing style guide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#filenames-as-bold-text)
